The year text for 2020 was about the preaching work, go, make disciples baptizing them.
Now in harmony with that theme, the governing body directed that a number of study articles
should be prepared for the study edition of the Watchtower on the ministry, and particularly
about conducting Bible studies.
Then, at the regional convention this summer, why almost the entirety of Saturday was
dedicated to the disciple-making work?
Why?
We don't just want to report Bible studies.
We want to make disciples.
That's what Jesus told us to do.
Go make disciples baptizing them.
Now when it comes to reporting Bible studies, we're doing very well.
Worldwide, we're reporting about 10 million Bible studies, and when you think of it, in
many cases more than one person is sitting in on that study.
So it could be that between 12 and 15 million people are studying the Bible with us.
But now, what about the make disciples part of it?
Well, every year between 200 and 300,000 people are baptized.
So you can see that the make disciples part is lagging behind the reporting Bible studies
part.
Now, this trend has been a concern of the governing bodies for a number of years.
And we wondered, why is it that so many people are not taking a stand for the truth?
You can probably think of a number of reasons yourself.
Some people, for example, are quite happy to learn what the Bible teaches, but they're
not willing to act on what the Bible teaches.
They're not willing to make drastic changes in their life.
Some may have studied through a whole book, or maybe two, but they haven't been to a
single meeting.
Maybe one, maybe the memorial once.
Well, they make us think of something that Jehovah told the Israelites back in the days
of Ezekiel.
I'd like you to turn to Ezekiel chapter 33, and we're going to read verse 32.
Now, this was a description of the Israelites in Ezekiel's day, but I think you'll find
that the description fits pretty well a few of our Bible students.
Ezekiel 33, I'll give you a moment, and we're going to read verse 32.
Look, you are to them like a romantic love song, sung with a beautiful voice and skillfully
played on a stringed instrument, but then notice this.
They will hear your words, but no one will act on them.
Doesn't that describe some of our Bible students?
Or maybe the Sunday isn't regular, maybe it isn't consistent, maybe the student often
cancels or maybe the publisher often cancels.
Well, if a study isn't regular, it's pretty hard for the person to make progress, isn't
it?
And in many cases, kind-hearted publishers just can't bring themselves to stop the study
when no progress is being made.
Or they may say, if I stop the study, I won't have a study.
I like having a Bible study.
While we're talking about progressive Bible studies, and that's a challenge, it's not
easy to conduct a progressive Bible study, there are so many factors to consider.
For example, how early do I bring in prayer?
How do I direct interest to the organization?
How early should I mention the meetings?
And what do I do if my Bible student doesn't show up at the meeting?
What about opposition?
That can be tricky.
Bring it up too soon, and you might scare them off.
Wait too long, and it may be too late.
And what about the ministry?
How do I encourage my Bible student to share what he is learning with others?
These are a lot of challenges, and don't even mention helping my Bible student to break
a bad habit like smoking.
One would be great if we could get some help with some of these things.
Here's more food for thought.
How do I make sure that the material is really touching the student's heart?
I want that student to love Jehovah, to get to know Jehovah.
I want him to have a warm personal relationship with Jehovah, so that no one, neither the
boss nor his relatives nor his mate nor his neighbor, will be allowed to come between
my student and Jehovah God.
Here's another thing.
We're conducting a Bible study, and we want to focus on the scriptures.
Jesus said the seed is the word of God.
So now how do I draw my student out as to his feelings about this scripture?
Maybe he understands what the scripture says, but how does he feel about what he is learning?
Wouldn't it be great if some of those questions were
prepared for us?
Bible students also have challenges in their personal life.
Wouldn't it be great if we could bring someone on our study who has gone through a similar
situation to the students who understands what the student is going through?
That would really take the pressure off, wouldn't it?
And how can you evaluate the progress of the student?
How do I know if the student is steadily working toward becoming an unbaptized publisher
and then getting baptized?
Here's another thing.
One of the reasons why it takes so long for some to make progress is that there are two
books and a brochure to go through.
That's a lot of reading.
And when you think of it, a lot of our students have never opened a book since they left school.
So for them, this is a big change.
Some get baptized before they've covered the second book, and that's a pity because
they're losing out on practical information on Christian living that they really need
to have.
And then some of our brothers and sisters are not even using the Jehovah's World brochure
to direct interest to the organization.
The Jehovah's World brochure, what's that?
Exactly.
Wouldn't it be great if in just one book we could cover all the basic doctrinal matters,
all of the matters about Christian living and direct people's interest in the organization
in just one book?
That truly would be great.
Well, maybe right now you're saying, all right, I understand we do need some help with
this, but what are you doing about it?
I'll tell you.
In April 2018, the service committee of the governing body surveyed the branches to find
out what teaching methods were really effective in bringing people along to baptism.
We have to admit that some of the study material and teaching methods that were used 30 years
ago, they were great for the time, but they don't necessarily meet the needs of people
today.
Well, they got some good answers in, and based on the answers, early in 2019, a team of
brothers, the writers, the designers and consultants, they got together to investigate
whether we could improve on the tools that we're using.
And they came up with a new method for conducting studies.
Now, let's stop here and be very clear.
We deeply appreciate all of the study material that we've had over the years.
It's always been great for the times.
Now, maybe like me, you cut your teeth on, let God be true.
This means everlasting life.
The truth shall make you free.
Those books were just perfect for the period just after World War II.
And then we know that the live forever book was a real favorite with many.
How it wasn't the study forever book, it was the live forever book, but some took on
not a long time to complete their study in that book.
Of course, we've all appreciated the Teach Us book and remain in God's love.
All of this material has been very, very good, but times change and people's needs change
as well.
We're living in a visual society and people learn less by reading than by observing,
by watching and by discussion.
So what are we saying?
Are you ready?
Today, the governing body is happy to announce that a brand new publication for conducting
Bible studies will soon be made available in printed form and in electronic form.
Would you like to know the title?
It's a good one.
Enjoy life forever and interactive Bible course.
The title is taken from Psalm 2226.
Jesus seeking Jehovah will praise Him.
You may you enjoy life forever.
Isn't that nice?
Isn't that a nice text?
Now, how was the course put together?
Well, the branches sent in all of their comments and they were good comments.
And then the writers got busy and they analyzed the comments that were sent in by the branches.
And on the basis of those comments, three sample lessons were prepared.
Now, the lessons looked good on paper, but when they work in the field, to find out,
those lessons were sent to 97 different countries for field testing, and the results were
very encouraging.
So all 60 lessons in the book were sent to the field for testing.
Now, the question may come up, were the testers?
Did you get all the circuit overseers, the missionaries, the special pioneers together, and
have them test the material?
Well, there were some of those, but we're not all circuit overseers.
We're not all missionaries or special pioneers.
So a wide variety of brothers and sisters were used in this test.
Some are quite new in the truth, and others had been in the truth for quite some time.
The result is the publication that will soon be made available.
Now, what's different about this course?
I'm not going to go into much detail because Brother Jackson is going to handle that, but
here are a couple of points.
First of all, very important.
All of the information that's required to answer the 60 questions for baptismal candidates
is covered thoroughly in this book.
All of the information needed, that's Bible topics, Christian living topics, directing
interest to the organization, it's all thoroughly covered in just one book.
You do not repeat.
You do not have to study a second book.
What's the format like?
What is somewhat similar to the midweek workbook?
And you'll see that it's organized in a way that there can be a free discussion between
the student and the conductor.
In fact, in each lesson, there are just a few introductory paragraphs that the student
is invited to read ahead of time, but most of the lesson will be handled between the
conductor and the student.
It will be a discussion.
The material will focus on the scriptures.
A typical sentence might read this scripture, then answer these questions.
And the questions are provided.
The electronic copy of the book has links to some 200 different videos that you can
read you can have you during the study.
Remember the problem of having somebody along on the study who has gone through the same
problems as the student has, problem solved.
You just look up a video interview and play that for the student and note out he will
glean a great deal of benefit from it.
At regular intervals, taxful reference is made to sharing the truth with others.
A typical question?
How would you explain what you just learned to a friend?
At the end of every lesson, the student is given a goal that he can work toward and
that way will help him to evaluate his progress.
And Jehovah's qualities are a showcase throughout the book.
We want the student to realize that Jehovah loves him very much and that Jehovah's feelings
are influenced, affected by the decisions that the student makes.
And that way, he will cultivate a warm personal relationship with Jehovah.
Well, we humans are creatures of habit, aren't we?
We've used the simple question and answer method for many, many years in conducting Bible
studies.
And it has met the needs in the past.
But in our communication with the branches, it has become obvious that something else
is needed.
So ask Jehovah to help you to get used to this new method and use it.
You'll be glad you did.
We pray that Jehovah will bless our efforts to use this tool.
And wouldn't it be great if, when you use it, you're not only studying with people, but
make disciples of them.